# Empire - Decentralized competition to get the most diverse digital kingdom.
Generate NFTs such as outposts, forts, and strongholds, which hold data dependent on the person who minted it and their geographical location. These buildings produce resources based on their respective locations. Build you own unique empire across the world!

Features:
1. Generate your first outpost, make smart trades in the marketplace, and grow your influence.
2. Upgrade your outposts and contribute to empire's dynamic economy.
3. Participate in global "takeover" events.
4. Battle with other empires of your choice by _____________
5. Create elusive strongholds which generate you empire tokens!

<---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->

In the game, “Empire,” players will be able to create outposts, forts, and strongholds, each of which are generated in a different manner. Every building type can be placed anywhere on the planet.

Outposts generate items based off of the NFT’s staked location (assigned at creation). For example, outposts near water can get fish/seaweed/coral etc, and outposts near mountains can get geodes/metal/stones etc. The “efficiency” of outposts is the lowest.

Forts generate the same type of items that outposts generate, but a fort is more “efficient” and has a higher chance of generating rarer items.

Strongholds generate tokens or exclusive stronghold items. They are extremely difficult to obtain.

Finally, there is a number based on the diversity of the player’s empire (as measured by total distance covered from coordinate algorithm) called the empire score. The empire score is essentially _______

The goal of the game is to create a large and diverse empire across the world. 

There are two main tokens: an ERC20 token which is generated by strongholds, and an ERC721 token which contains every type of unique item. The ERC20 token can be used to buy other ERC721 NFTs on a website marketplace. Any of the two tokens can be purchased with Ethereum or Bitcoin.

Outpost, Base, and Stronghold Generation Mechanics:
Players can generate an nft, which is a digital “outpost,” every x days, where x is calculated by a piecewise function of n where n is the number of outposts a player has:

x = n-1days for n<=2
x = 7(1-127n)days for n >2

This will encourage new players to get a fast start, then the rate will slowly approach 7 as more nfts are generated by the player. 

To generate forts, players must either upgrade an existing outpost using a combination of materials and other existing outposts, or a player must mint a fort on programmed special days such as Christmas, the anniversary of the game’s inception, etc.

Strongholds are created only by sacrificing a specific set of forts, outposts, and materials. Because strongholds are essentially the highest class of buildings, they can be upgraded, but not transformed into a new building. Upgrading a stronghold requires the sacrifice of another stronghold and only improves the efficiency of it.

Semi-Fungible Items
Items are exclusive to the outpost’s spawn location. The physical location will be charted onto the NFT in a uint. There will be 16 different spawn locations corresponding to the uint.

Each outpost will have 3 exclusive items based on their location:

0 - Plains - Wheat (C), Squash (U), Copper (R)
1 - Savannah - Feather (C), Horn (U), Pelt (R)
2 - Jungle - Mud (C), Seeds (U), Poison (R)
3 - Forest - Wood (C), Straw (U), Magnesium (R)
4 - Desert - Cactus (C), Prickly Pear (U), Bone (R)
5 - Ocean - Coral (C), Shark Tooth (U), Tentacle (R)
6 - River - Bass (C), Clay (U), Gold (R)
7 - City - Plastic (C), Concrete (U), Steel (R)
8 - Alpine - Stone (C), Egg (U), Silver (R)
9 - Mythic - Opal (C), Quartz (U), Platinum (R)
10 - Tropical - Coconut (C), Crab Claw (U), Cork (R)
11 - Tundra - Snow Berries (C), Antlers (U), Fur (R)
12 - Extreme Cold - Packed Ice (C), Lichen (U), Blubber (R)
13 - Extreme Hot - Sandstone (C), Coal (U), Obsidian (R)
14 - Historic - Scroll (C), Painting (U), Artifact (R)
15 - Chaparral - Thorns (C), Flint (U), Fossil (R)

Furthermore, each fort will have 3 different items, those being the uncommon and rare item, as well as a special super rare item:

0 - Plains - Squash (U), Copper (R), Fleece (S)
1 - Savannah - Horn (U), Pelt (R), Ivory (S)
2 - Jungle - Seeds (U), Poison (R), Magnet (S)
3 - Forest - Straw (U), Magnesium (R), Wolf (S)
4 - Desert - Prickly Pear (U), Bone (R), Oil (S) 
5 - Ocean - Shark Tooth (U), Tentacle (R), Pearl (S)
6 - River - Clay (U), Gold (R), Caviar (S)
7 - City - Concrete (U), Steel (R), Silicon (S)
8 - Alpine - Egg (U), Silver (R), Uranium (S)
9 - Mythic - Opal (U), Platinum (R), Graphene (S)
10 - Tropical - Crab Claw (U), Cork (R), Tiki (S)
11 - Tundra - Antlers (U), Fur (R), Tusk (S)
12 - Extreme Cold - Lichen (U), Blubber (R), Sabertooth (S)
13 - Extreme Hot - Coal (U), Obsidian (R), Magma (S)
14 - Historic - Painting (U), Artifact (R), Sarcophagus (S)
15 - Chaparral - Flint (U), Fossil (R), Titanium (S)

Finally, the stronghold will produce “empire tokens (ERC20)” and special items that upgrade other strongholds exclusively.

0 - Plains - (X)
1 - Savannah - 
2 - Jungle - Hallucinogen (X)
3 - Forest - Diamond (X)
4 - Desert - 
5 - Ocean - Leviathan Eye (X)
6 - River - 
7 - City - Reactor (X)
8 - Alpine -  
9 - Mythic - Antimatter (X)
10 - Tropical - 
11 - Tundra - Glacier Shard (X)
12 - Extreme Cold - Orca Fin (X)
13 - Extreme Hot - Eternal Flame (X)
14 - Historic - Philosopher’s Stone (X)
15 - Chaparral - Monolith (X)

During the genesis period of the game, strongholds in the area of the UT campus will produce “empire spawn tokens,” which essentially allow the user to create a new outpost at the current location, regardless of cooldown time. These tokens can also be sold on the market place -- they will be how the founders will generate profit from the decentralized nature of the game.

Efficiency Mechanics
To determine how much supplies a building can produce, its “max efficiency” and “effective efficiency” values must be known. Max efficiency is essentially the natural cap of a building’s production rate. For example, if a fort’s max efficiency is 10 gems/day, then when it is fully upgraded, it can only produce 10 gems/day. Effective efficiency is the production rate of a building that is not fully upgraded. Efficiency can be calculated by the following equations:

Outpost Efficiency:
Em1+1.1-2l
Where “l” is the current level of the outpost.

Fort Efficiency:
Em1+1.5-.5l
Where “l” is the current level of the fort.

Stronghold Efficiency:
Em1+1.1-l
Where “l” is the current level of the stronghold. 

Note that the stronghold is the building which needs to be upgraded the most because strongholds produce the best items. Also, requiring strongholds to be upgraded a lot increases the game’s longevity.

Efficiency Upgrade Mechanics
All three types of buildings, those being Outposts, Forts, and Strongholds, can be upgraded, meaning that their efficiency updates. The cost of upgrading outposts, forts, and strongholds are functions of their max efficiency, meaning that the higher potential a building has, the more expensive it will be to upgrade. Also, upgrading each outpost/fort will require items from other locations the more it levels up. 

Each outpost will have a primary, secondary, and tertiary dependency. These dependencies will be determined by a random uint number off of generation, but the primary dependency will always be the type of material the building produces. 

Upgrades will be determined by upgrade points for each material. The values are as follows:

Common -> 1 point
Uncommon -> 5 points
Rare -> 20 points 
Super Rare -> 50 points

Exclusive (STRONGHOLD ONLY) -> 1 point

Outpost Efficiency Upgrade:
Let ‘L’ be the current level of the outpost, and Em be the max efficiency of the building. The formula for the amount of upgrade points required is as follows:
EmL24Primary points
Em(L-3)24Secondary points for L > 3
Em(L-5)24Tertiary Points for L > 5

Fort Efficiency Upgrade:
Let ‘L’ be the current level of the fort, and Em be the max efficiency of the building. The formula for the amount of upgrade points required is as follows:

Building Upgrade Mechanics
In order to upgrade from an outpost to fort and fort to strongholds, certain conditions must be met. These conditions will be different based on whether a fort or stronghold is being created.

Fort Upgrade


Spawn Events
Every x minutes, a random outpost, fort, or stronghold will spawn immediately next to an existing outpost, fort, or stronghold. This will be chosen completely at random, but naturally, places with more buildings will have a higher chance of spawning an event building. For example, in an array of all outposts,
A[o] = {o[0], o[1], o[2], o[3], .... o[n]}
when a random outpost is selected as a candidate for a spawn location, the odds of that location being in a place with lots of players is higher because there are naturally more outposts in that specific place. 

Buildings that spawn have a random “max efficiency” value between 2 and 15. Players trying to claim the outpost will not have any idea on what this value is until after it has been claimed (the outpost will be “created” with a random value after the event completes). 

In order to claim the building, you must submit a certain amount of supplies to the building. These supplies are counted by the smart contract, then burned. Whichever player submits the most supplies to the building will obtain the building. 

Given the nature of this game beginning small and (hopefully) ending worldwide, the function that sets the value for outpost, fort, and stronghold frequency will be an “ownable” function. This function will look as follows:

function setOutpostSpawnFrequency(uint32 _ratePerSpawn) public owner {
    outpostSpawnFrequency = _ratePerSpawn;
}

function setFortSpawnFrequency(uint32 _ratePerSpawn) public owner {
    fortSpawnFrequency = _ratePerSpawn;
}

function setStrongholdSpawnFrequency(uint32 _ratePerSpawn) public owner {
    strongholdSpawnFrequency = _ratePerSpawn;
}

Because contracts can only be called when another contract is called (there are no daemons), spawn rate will be a modulus operator. For example, if the spawn rate is 10, then every 10 buildings, the modulus will be 0 and a spawn event will occur. 

Spawning outposts, forts, and strongholds will be random, but the rates should be somewhere like 95% for an outpost, 4.5% for a fort, and .5% for a stronghold. Maybe even lower (or the possibility of a new, exclusive PVP building????).

Lottery System
On the marketplace, a lottery will be held every ‘x’ minutes (once again, use the ownable function for this one). The lottery will have a chance to get really rare materials instead of having to wait for a long time (most likely a random number). Furthermore, there will be blind lotteries, where you do not know what the prize is. Lotteries can contain any fungible asset, from resources to tokens. The basic premise is a small cost, and a possible huge return.
